https://chatgpt.com/share/685ef5b9-7b24-8013-b711-77e1cd0041ff



generate an HTML one page application that inputs/drag-and-drops a spreadsheet (.xls, .xlsx, .cvs, .ods) into the page.  The page loads the each data row.  Use the Name, Street Number, Street Name, Town, State, and Zip and scrapes the page, looking for the criteria in the "criteria" text box.  

The criteria text box is designed as a way to add parameters to look for when scraping the page.  Generate a suitable method by which the user can add criteria to the "criteria" text box that will correctly instruct the page to use that criteria when scraping the pages.  Provide instructions for the "criteria" text box.  provide a 2 useable, separate examples from the list below.  also put the 8 examples below together into one "criteria", pre-coded into the text box, as a placeholder. 

1) accepts service animals above 50 lbs.

2) Costs less than $500/month

3) Assisted or unassisted senior living

4) close to a hospital, gas station, and grocery store

5) needs to be furnished

6) in the state of Illinois

7) close to a nature area

8) fewer than 100 residents

When the submit button is pressed, a scrollable, live-controllable, editable portion of the resulting spreadsheet  of original values, plus the new information added to each each row in a <div>.

If the resulting spreadsheet is acceptable then the user can select download button, which will download an .ODS file to the host computer's browser download mechanism.

Make this page the epitome of Glassomorhic style to stylize the page.

Give it a 30-character, click-baity title.

Give it a subtitle.

It's generated by """myTech.Today""" @mytech-today-now on Github.

Add a description at the top to show how to use the page.  Essentially a readme.md

Add a button at the top, that will push down the content of the page to expose a pop-up page that describes how the page works under the hood, with a code review, and an 'X' to close the pop-up, returning the page to normal.

include console event and error logging, and error handling in the code.